Update docs on frame deleting & navigation (#9483)
cvat-ai/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/advanced/delete-frame.md

1. Then you will be able to navigate through deleted frames.
   But annotation tools will be unavailable. Deleted frames differ in the corresponding overlay.

1. There are ways to navigate through deleted frames without enabling this option:

   - Go to the frame via direct navigation methods: navigation slider or frame input field,

>    - Go to the frame via the direct link, e.g. `/api/tasks/{id}/jobs/{id}?frame={frame_id}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Go to the frame via the direct link, for example: `/api/tasks/{id}/jobs/{id}?frame={frame_id}`.
```
Normally, `e.g.,` should be followed by a comma. I suggest using full words. Also, let's end the sentence with a period.
